Yes, I do. I think I was probably at work in college here because it broke the news,
broke sort of first thing in the morning. And as it happened one of my colleagues, one
of the other lecturers, came from Aberfan and actually lived in the area where the land
slip occurred. And so, you know, there was this immediate link which heightened the
impact of it. But yes, I can remember it very clearly. I can remember the pictures and so
forth. And as it happened, a few years afterwards, a colleague and I were going down for an academic
board in Cardiff and we went via Aberfan to have a look at the site and where she had
lived and to see, you know, the relationship to the landslips. Yes, that made a great impact.
I think it was bound to do. I mean, it was such an appalling tragedy involving all those
children. Yes. And I think you needed the visual impact particularly to appreciate how
destructive it was. Can you remember anything specific that you saw in the coverage? Well,
I can remember seeing obviously shots of the slip itself which actually came literally
to the road where this colleague lived or had the family house. I can remember certain incidents
like, for example, there was a minister from one of the non-conformist chapels who lost his children
in this disaster but who went round other bereaved families consistently and obviously tried to
help in the attempts to rescue, you know. And also later on, the cemetery which was
built for them or set up for them on the hillside above the town where all the children were
buried together. And there was, of course, a lot of follow-up about the collection in
aid for the families and what was going to happen to it and so forth. So it was something
which was constantly in the news for quite a considerable time. The coverage brought
Aberfan to the world's attention. Yes. What effect did you think that had? Well, I suppose
it must have had a greater awareness of the need for precautions to prevent this happening
again. Whether, in fact, I mean how effective that was, I don't know, but it must have had
that effect and presumably not only in this country because the same thing could very
easily happen and similar things have happened elsewhere, haven't they? I can't think of
any specific examples because I didn't know anybody in that world, so to speak. Do you
think the coverage conveyed the feeling in Aberfan? Oh yes, I think it did. I think there
was a very powerful impact. I mean people reporting from there were obviously, presenters
were obviously upset themselves and you could hardly fail to be, could you, in the circumstances.
Yes, I thought that atmosphere came over very powerfully.